Hi friends
In this video we are going to learn
how a function works
So let us Discuss the working of a function with an example programme
So we have this programme here and we have a
function called sum here
But we know that execution begins from main function
So here three integer variables a, b and result
is created and a and b are initialised with values
10 and 20 Now we have result=sum(a,b)
So we are calling the function some by passing
A and B So when we call the function the
data passed to that function is called the arguments here
A and B are the arguments here
If you see the main function is calling the sum
function
So it is called the calling function
So the function which contains the actual function call is
called the calling function
Now the control will go to the function definition
Here the values passed by the main function that is
A and B that is 10 and 20 will be
stored in X and Y these are called the parameters
of the function
So a parameter is a variable in the declaration of
function. Here X and Y are the parameters and here
main function called the function sum
So it is known as the called function
So the called function is the function which is being
called here
Sum is the called function
When the main function calls the sum function the execution
of main function will be stopped and the called function
sum will be executed
Now the sum function statement will get executed and x+y
is calculated and stored in variable ans. ans is returned
to the calling function main and it will be stored
in result
Now the sum function's task is over now its main
function's turn to start executing the remaining statements Hence printf
statement will be executed and it will print result
equal to 30
This is how the function is called and executed
So that's all and thank you for watching this video